[Music] Let's
see family I have something
prepared here to answer Maria
Patiño to a challenge that she made me we
answer Maria Patiño I don't know if you
know but she made me a challenge I am
really amazed at people I don't know what they
think Maria Patiño challenging the king
of gossip who are you here piece of
Random you don't know who is who is the
king careful
careful Listen to what
Maria Patiño is putting together okay spoon movie
if it loads okay if it loads we'll see
production
inside video I'm starting to get
nervous
that I'm falling asleep the production lady
happened today because Rocío
Carrasco separated from her sister Maria Patiño is going to tell us
why Rocío
Carrasco separated from her sister does she know Maria
Patiño okay You know that she is a
very reliable person and also it is my
obligation to her obligation is her
obligation family it has been a
chronology I am not going to talk about opinions
magic is a chronology eh it is not an
opinion She states in the program where she
collaborates viva la vida that in 2012 the
sisters  they stop watching it
permanently without seeing the video I'll
tell you because there was a fight and because
Rocío Carrasco and Gloria
Camila don't talk to each other You said it before
I did Family in the chat we all say it at
the same time Better by Antonio David I'm
completely sure that they don't talk to each other
by Antonio David Well it's not that in
fact Rocío Carrasco said it, it's not that
I'm saying it Who is the
orchestra conductor I mean this week I was listening to the
interpretations that it was José Ortega
Cano saying there was another program or I
'm wrong
who everyone is dancing to Now
yes Now only now at least But
well that will also be known Here is the
challenge Here is the challenge okay Here is the
challenge anyone who crosses me
anyone who doubts me who
has the ability to verify what I'm
going to say who has the ability to
verify what I'm going to say very well
okay Patiño as I doubt you I'm going to
look at you with a magnifying glass in March 2012 Antonio
David requests
full custody of Rocío Flores alleging that
Rocío Carrasco does not want  to her daughter but
that's it but well it's an allegation that allegation
where Antonio David gets it from I
have no idea where he still gets that
legato eh
that nothing is happening there you have Rocío
Carrasco who doesn't love her brother her
sister her children she can't see him
nothing is happening yes it's a feeling from March
2012 Rocío Flores runs away from home
and goes to live at a friend's house in
June 2012 Rocío Flores writes some
tweets in commentamos where she says
dear mom I can't stand you one
more second we are talking about
Gloria Camila's separation from her sister we are
talking about Why Gloria Camila doesn't
talk to her sister or we are going to
talk again about the only thing you can
hold on to and in July 2012 you will remember
that there is an incident that causes a
breakup between mother and daughter because the
daughter decides accompanied by her father to
report I don't think María Patiño is going to say I
don't think María Patiño no no no no no no no no no I don't
think María
Patiño is going to say that Gloria Camila and
Rocio Carrasco  They talk to each other because she
fought with Rocio Flores, not because of
Rocio Flores' fight over mistreatment of
Rocio Carrasco, which is absolutely
false, in other words, what happened to
Rocio Carrasco with her daughter serves as a
wild card for everything, eh, for everything, for everything, for
everything to call the
abusive father to justify not
talking to his two children for everything, now it will
also be worth it so that they do not
talk to their sister, Rocio Flores does not
tell her the truth, Antonio David does not
tell the truth and Gloria to Camila in
2012, when he was also a teenager. But
he would not know, he did not know the reality, he believes
that Rocio Carrasco is a bad mother and
a bad mother, sister because her niece
Rocio Flores tells her and tells her that her
mother hits her, Maria Patiño is saying
that the estrangement between the two
sisters is because Rocio Flores fights
with her mother and tells her version to
Gloria Camila and this girl Rocio
Carrasco luckily decides to separate, let's
see, as you told me, Maria Patiño, as you
had told me, any person who crosses
me who has the ability to
verify  What I'm going to say You
doubt María Patiño to begin with
Gloria Camila already responded to this the other
day something that Rocío Carrasco has not been
able to deny or say the
opposite of anything she's going to say
I bring apples and I have a potato here to
begin with that Gloria Camila already said the other day
on It's already 8 that how is
Antonio David going to be the one who causes
Gloria Camila to separate from Rocío Carrasco
if when Gloria Camila
and Rocío Carrasco were already talking to us Gloria Camila still did
not have a relationship with Antonio David that is
going to start with and
María Patiño has been saying this all week not only
there but in the rest of the program eh
For Rocío Carrasco her abuser is
Antonio David and the other person who
also hurt her, abused her eh
Rocío Flores in 2012 when the
relationship with Rocío Flores breaks up is when she
breaks up with everyone No not
at all She breaks up with
almost everyone at the moment when her
mother dies Rocío Jurado
said nothing to José Ortega  Cano that they
would have to leave the house in La
Moraleja they invited them to leave not according to
the media no In fact recently
images of Ortega Cano leaving
Rocío Jurado's house in La Moraleja came to light not
as the bullfighter signed after the
death of the Chipiona woman he left with what he was
wearing okay I mean he had to take his
car and a friend with the van his
children and the copulating this to nothing after the
death of the Chipiona woman here has
nothing to do with Antonio David I don't think I
had a very good vibe I don't know what you
family think but I don't think there
was a very good vibe here when I
was telling you Let's go bullfighter
let's go for let's go somewhere else
let's go to Seville But anyway we're going
in chronological order we're not going to
try to keep it in
chronological order because I like
things with documentation here we have a
program that by the way has been
talked about a lot in the last few hours no and
Telecinco is trying to justify it
in a regrettable way here the
journalist Antonio Rossi in a  save me
in which they are interviewing Amador
Mohedano in a part of the conversation
in which he tells us that they are talking
about the subject of the inheritance not inheritance of
Rocío Jurado no and that they were
wondering how it was going how
things were going to be divided no Antonio Rosi
tells us this episode that according to him happened
in Houston or in other words with Rocío Jurado
alive long before not long before 2012
much 5 or 6 years before with Rocío Jurado
alive Antonio Rossi tells us this
episode I'm not going to say it because I want to
know if you know Okay he says wait so
Amador doesn't say yes to me just to go with
the flow I'm not going to tell you
what I heard You tell me and I'll
confirm it I think Antonio
Montero was there usa González but I'm not
sure and Diego Arrabal too
at any moment he's going to
confirm this if Diego Arrabal was there it's
strange that he hasn't said anything
yet but I say the day we are
talking with Fidel your niece had
left for a moment they had both gone down they
both go down and he referred to the to yours
nephews to Rocío's brothers in a
very contemptuous, pejorative way Gloria Camilo José Fernando
How he referred to them I remember
perfectly that he was also talking
about a little bit about this topic what will happen what wo
n't happen talking about this topic what will
happen with this what will happen with that
and you know it María Patiño But if you
are introducing yourself but it's not only that you
were introducing it María
Patiño it's that before they pulled your ear
seven times look what
you were tweeting we should also remember
how Fidel described
his wife's brothers it's not about you anymore it's about
remembering the whole thing so as not to emphasize
what is convenient Well now it suits you you've
forgotten María Patiño in a year
What a memory daughter What a memory this thing
about immigrants has okay there's no
way to catch it or rather we're already
talking about that according to Antonio
Rossi while Rocío Jurado was still
alive or rather a [ __ ] year ago it seems they
didn't show much appreciation for
immigrants not this in Sálvame and those of
35 Jorge Javier Isabel  rabago they don't know
what to justify Jorge Javier yesterday
saying no it's not that it's no longer justifying it it's
just that they're
blaming Antonio David
[Laughter]
not only are they blaming him
for Gloria not getting along with her sister
no no it's that the immigrant thing has come out
and they're blaming him
for the immigrant thing for what
Fidel says Antonio David
man and
Fidel was and he was there and he was
right at this moment
and with the idea that here there's already someone who's
driving
with the idea that there's someone driving
man I'd be ashamed Antonio David
the price of gasoline man I mean if
Antonio has heard you Yes and they've
heard the journalists man Well there
were justifying it but there was no
justifying it It's that today they've put on
this show and Kiko Jiménez because he
wants to continue working at Telecinco they've
put on a real show and
the relative doesn't work at
Telecinco either from what I see she doesn't have to
keep up with the roll and Kiko Hernández has
started to justify and so that's what
Antonio said
that Gloria is left to be the
arm  Antonio David's executor and the eh
Because what she hasn't said is that
Antonio David told her that
Antonio Rossi heard others How many
journalists at the door of the
Houston hospital that it's a song and he would have
told her he would have reminded her because
everyone knew or whatever
Antonio Rosi heard it and Antonio Rossi He
keeps confirming what
he heard that he has experienced it but just in
case it's not enough to
blame David in case there's someone who does
n't that it doesn't work anymore I don't sing it was
covid's fault no it doesn't work Well look at something what they
have come out and look at that comment
that Gloria Camila says that she heard from a
person she trusted had
called him immigrants there to her brother
we went to look for the definition of
immigrants the crazy one they are
going to give us the description that arrives in
a country or region different from their place
of origin to settle there
temporarily definitively very good very
good la Borrego la Borrego Next door
very good bravo It's okay to call them
immigrants like that the others were
hurt by that comment
that it's her fault for  feel
hurt How shameless you guys from
Sálvame really are, with this you
're really trying to tell me, first of all, that you
take the audience that still follows you
for stupid and idiots, okay.
And secondly, how good that like in
the immigrant dictionary. Well, it has a
meaning, so it's okay, it's not
pejorative. I would have liked
Antonio David to say that. I would have
liked there to be a clip of Antonia
calling someone an immigrant. Of course,
you can say it as an emigrant in a non-
pejorative way. Of course, I
'm not denying it, but I don't think it was
the context. I think that when Antonio
Rosi surprises him and calls his attention
and he gets shocked, it's not because it was like that,
but. Equally clear, as
my colleague Maika said today, super accurate,
whale is also the name of an
animal. If we look it up in the RAE, pig
too, and Cerda is also the name of an animal.
If we look it up in the RAE, there are many
words, many words that have
their definition in the RAE and that doesn't have to
be defensive. Look, family, here
is the hospital where I was born.  Look at the
cold relationship between Rocío Carrasco and her
siblings José Fernando and Gloria Camila
this article is from 2014 and here Gloria
Camila when asked about her
sister said this is being told to you by
vanity eh vanitati now this is one of
your trusted publications not
reliable no What sister with whom I have
not spoken for three years if we are talking
about 2014 2013 2012 2011 Gloria Camila
is telling you here that they had not
spoken since 2011 the opening of
the singer's will was
accompanied by a family Sigma everyone
agreed to respect the
artist's last wishes but at the
same time they considered that the distribution was not
entirely equitable this made Rosito
name her Universal heir of the artist she
decided not only to withdraw from the
media spotlight but also to put distance
between herself and her family also with her
siblings legally they were under
the guardianship of Rocío car given that in
Colombia it is an essential requirement
that there be a third party to ensure the
protection of the minor when the
adoptive parents are of an advanced age this
you know that Rocío Carrasco signed and
helped the mother no And Ortega Cano
to be able to adopt them no it is true that
the fraternal relationship has never been
entirely fluid between them also because of the
age difference that separates them
however the inheritance distanced them even
more apparently there was a confrontation
because the chalet in La Moraleja was not
sold for 3 million euros one for
each child according to what he tells us here no and
according to what was said no it did not cover the entirety of
what corresponded to Gloria Camila and
José Fernando here the
confrontation arose in which he gave me the
right-hander to favor his two children
without snubbing his in-laws
however in the end he preferred not to claim
judicially 11% of the Los
Naranjo estate with which the
part of seeing would be covered so as not to increase the
family Sigma This is what
your trusted magazine is telling us in 2014
here we have a clip from 2017
in which Antonio Rossi apparently does not
tell from sources according to him close to
Rocío Carrasco because they would be estranged
sisters I have not
spoken with Rocío about this subject but
with people very very very close to Rocío
totally authorized to make it seem like it
is almost her version and also
is totally her version I think it
is a question that on many occasions we have
gone to and we have asked What is
happening No because it is not something yesterday we said
that it was normal to ask the glory
Camila What is happening with your brother not the
justification that the direct environment
of Rocío Carrasco gives eye eh It is that she has
never felt connected to those
children Listen, how much is her right eh at the
moment that the children come to Madrid to
Spain she already has a family she does not live
with her mother and with her mother's husband
who has his problems and who can never be held
responsible for
something that does not go with her
watch out eh In that sense also in
the broad sense of the word because it
surprises me because it is that the
circumstance that is already alone because they
are the children of your mother Maybe you
had to have a little
responsibility but
the affection or because she empathizes for whatever it
is is not the human being they say no that
she had her  problems with her children
with one in particular who has had
difficulties had problems that has that has
problems had problems
and with Belén la Rocío Carrasco in her
marriage and also then after the
death of her father and with the
illness of her mother that was almost 4
years she also had no relationship she was
linked to her mother that at the moment
that her mother is gone those children have
a father they
have a sister with whom they have not
had a relationship there is a
certain moment in which Ortega Cano asks her for
a favor she tries they tell me with
these words out of courtesy and that she sees that there is
no way to appear here she doesn't ask her she
asks her to talk a little with her
sister that apparently her sister has
a problem with some boy No I don't
feel absolutely
necessary a maternal figure also a
little not with women not with girls
to take charge or care for or be aware of
her siblings I
think with a boy or something like that it is not the
story that she does
n't want okay if she doesn't want it
then she doesn't want it This is the same in
Hello okay so you can see that it is true
that sister with whom I have
not spoken for three years we are talking about 2014 okay
I don't know about  where does Maria Patiño get what
she says No here we have another video
Telecinco itself This is what he says when they
ask him if his older sister has
congratulated him on his coming of age that
sister with whom I have not spoken to for three years the
same is worth this more than anything
so that you can see that it is true they call him and
to congratulate me that he does not speak to his
sister from before what is worth a
news item that the magazine Hola publishes and
that surely it will not end there and
the brothers began to
distance themselves after the death of their mother
Rocío Jurado And the brothers
distanced themselves with the death of the
jury children the physical distance remember
that the little ones went to live with
their father yesterdaybabuena and Rocío Carrasco
stayed in Madrid
caused the relationship to diminish
little by little A few days ago on the occasion of
Gloria Camila's birthday it was already
mentioned that her sister
Rocío Jorge Rocío Carrasco had not gone because she does not
have that much of a relationship
here we have Gloria Camila No this
imagine what was put in out of curiosity does not
say if your daughter speaks she falls Spain this
is a video in which Gloria
Camila and Rocío Flores are doing good  some
kind of live on social media I don't know if it was
a live on Instagram or something and
people ask her about Rocío Carrasco And she
says Well yes, if Rocío Flores were to speak, if
your daughter were to speak, Spain would fall, no I would
love to know what their version is,
both Rocío Flores,
Antonio David and Gloria Camila, and for it to be
known one day, no because we have already
heard one side, now I want to
hear the other side because in
that episode both sides have not been heard
and it is true that there is a
conviction that justice comes out in one
way but I would like to know how
they experience it and what perspective
they have on the matter, no, this is Gloria
Camila in Survivor, at
some point your sister Rocío doesn't
miss her sister because she doesn't have her
because she hasn't had her she can't miss her
okay to miss her she
had to have what do you think she stopped
having a relationship with you I suppose Well, I
know that she won't accept us as
siblings Maybe it's within the vein and she
said Well, I'll ignore them She said, well, it's that I do
n't want them as siblings or it's that I've
been playing a role until now
but I don't have to put up with them anymore  Or is it
that I don't feel like taking care of them, I
know a thousand things, okay, it has not been understood,
no, when he comes out as survivor, Sandra
Barneda, a friend of Rocio Carrasco,
asks her about her sister, she doesn't ask her
the subject. Things when Rocio
Jurado dies, everything changes, the family also gets along
very well. In the family, they
separate, there is a distribution of the air of the
inheritance as for the children. When
Rocio Jurado dies, okay, the family
separates, here you have a part that
seems key to me, pay attention, have you tried to
talk to Rocio and I'm not asking you. Nothing
else, if you have tried to get in touch,
call her, say, Hey, let's talk about it,
let's solve it, let's make peace
between the family because I have seen you and we have
all seen you as a woman of
character who speaks clearly, I have you here in
front of me and I think about the time, I have tried, I
must have tried to talk to her and say,
Hey, she must have tried to talk to her,
according to Gloria Camila, there has to be a
solution, you did it. I spoke to her once
when it was my nephew's birthday and the
first thing she did was block me, very
similar to the one she has with her daughter,
not picking up the phone, hanging up on her or
not answering her.  No, this click that I'm going to
put is what I really believe. I mean,
if he no longer wanted to know anything about the
brothers, I think that things like these are
what Sella and what whatever it
is, not what locks the door but
welded the door has a door it is
armored in the relationship pum pum
completely closed. Uncle José Antonio
said that in his opinion Rocío Carrasco
should withdraw the complaint talking, not
stopping talking yesterday I will put it for
you,
well, it's going well Rocío Carrasco
called her to testify in her favor,
great, phenomenal, and that she has all my
unconditional support, both my father's
and mine, as well as half of my
family's, and that the facts are
normal, I don't have the phone,
now we understand why the María
Patiño family, if it's not valuable, if she wants, she
hit me another day here with you dismantling
again, but that version that she has
brought out, you have pulled it out of your sleeve and
you yourself don't even believe it, okay, you yourself have
done journalism work. It's
not supposed to and you have been with colleagues on
the street and you know what is said behind
the cameras  no the open secrets
the things that are not said no and so on no
you know work that the relationship of Rocío
Carrasco with her adoptive brothers and
such and the rest of the family nothing of
dying Rocío Jurado or rather I don't know now
suddenly how we are all in agreement and here
everything has to be put together with Antonio David and
everything related to Anthony Well look
this has made sense to me and damn it's so much that he
turned out to be an immigrant they
blamed him for being an immigrant I mean it's no longer
Antonio David's fault that
the relationships break up and no no it's that the
level is to blame Antonio David even for
the bad things that they do or say
incredible incredible but oh well María I
accept your challenge send me another one that I'll
take it here and I'll give it to you on my chest kiss family
[Music]